Thursday 19th October
Arranged two weeks prior on the day after his birthday to see him again at the same place and time, the Jurys
Hotel Inn, Brighton.

I arrived on time and found nobody had turned up who had said they would.

I phoned psychowitch and she told me Ro was too tired to leave the boy with cheryl as was promised to me by cheryl.

1. I am let down by the cancellation.
2. I was given no notice and made a wasted journey.
3. The reason for cancelling implies I as his father am not worthy of her allocating time for me to be with my son.
4. And by extension, it implies there are other things more worthy of his time than his dad.
5. It implies a threat in that natural laws are being deliberately broken without good reason and should i try to do right, they will seek to harm me.
6. It implies that someone who wanted to make a baby with me was a close man hater feminist seeking to entrap me in lifelong misery and servitude using family law and the power it confers to her (Power to delay or permanently prevent father and son relating) as leverage.
7. Lifelong as they show no sign of changing their behaviour and becoming reasonable and rational.
8. The aim seems to be to behave so outrageously and shockingly that I am stunned, surprised and extremely hurt - crafted and calculated to cause me psychological harm and provoke violence.
9. Psychowitch has a tendency to do and say horrible things followed by reaching for her recording device she carries.
10. She tries to cause as much harm as she can without actually breaking legislation.
11. She has a 'smile as you kill' approach, oozing with conifdence beneath the surface, but a master of her outward projection and in fact an out and out actress, exploiting situations live as they happen without remorse for her artificial manipulation by use of false excuses, distraction and distortion.
12. She even lets you know what she is up to to try and provoke more anger etc and effect a state of hopelessness.
13. She is goading me into prison or mental hospital and comes across as she thinks its funny.
14. It's as if she has studied the tenets of Christianity and set about reversing them in my presence knowing it will harm me.

Wednesday 24th October 15:20
Just got in 30 minutes ago or so, was phoned earlier by psychowitch.
I was offered a chance to meet boy at the steine, push his pram to the Jury's Inn.
I was told to be there in 30-35 minutes and I was. They were not there, I got a text
saying they on the bus stuck in traffic and would be more like 20 past.
then got another text saying he was tired and to meet in the library.
Too many cameras.
She's trying to set me up and get me in trouble somehow with a deliberate strategy, using him
as a conditioning lever, always doing something to relieve my pain and moments later the opposite.
Like a pressure cooker. but she needs to entrap artificially by provocation because I am alright
and they have stolen and misbehaved on a spiritual level.


Thursday 26th October 2017
Met her without an arrangement and by chance outside Jubilee Library.
P.W. asked me the time, i pulled out a phone in the library it was 17:56.
I played with my son in the library in the children's area and he pulled a girl's
hair and A tall thin white man in his late 30's early 40's told me my son had bitten
a little black girl whom was crying and this man had picked up to comfort her.
P.W. did nothing about these incidents in terms of correcting his behaviour her excuse
being she did not want to discourage him from approaching others.

She also got him to count 21 stairs as he walked up them which is useless and will turn him
into an idiot who counts things purely out of habit.

This is the way of P.W.

I am not sure if it was 14:30 or 16:30 when I first saw them outside the library.

P.W. said apprentice witch had passed her driving test.

Thursday 09th November 2017
Phoned the p.w to ask if i could see my son as it had been a few weeks.
She said she had contacted me on tuesday to say they were in the library.
I explained that my right to see my son is not a revokable privilege granted
by her upon the condition that I own a phone for the sole purpose of dealing with her.
The phonebox was expensive and after 2 pounds or so i asked her to ring back.
Bearing in mind it is very likely to be completely free for her to do so, but she refused.
It was then I felt forced to phone her from my personal phone. She got into all irrelevant
questions like why did I not have a phone and where was my phone like I was under obligation to answer her irritating questions like that was the issue and not me seeing my son so she is very insensitive and seems to be deliberately so in a constant attempt to rile me or provoke emotional pain and ultimately violence or mental illness.
Every time with her and only her, I am left with a muddled confused negative hopeless state after any dealing with her. She must be desperate to make me seem violent or mad.
2 years of this nonsense says i am a reasonable man faced with evil mad feminist lesbians and enough is enough. They nearly had me in the grave already and will they view me having the risky operation they caused me to need for a second time?
The thing is i phoned p.w last week well in advance to get a time and none was given.
So why should it be on a whim when they all know full well I am waiting to see him?
So slag can keep up the pretence that she does not know me and son meet. they are scum of the earth worthy of being thoroughly trampled upon until flat...
In summary: -

    1. It was my fault for not having a phone that I didn't see him.
    2. I am not worthy of a return free phonecall to the expensive phonebox on such a serious matter.
    3. Therefore she is saying this is not a serious matter.
    4. Therefore she is saying this is a trivial unimportant matter.
    5. After I phone her three times in a row and every time her usual answerphone routine.
    6. She is an expert in torturing me emotionally and she does it for evil sadistic pleasure.
    7. She does it with evil intent to do away with me in jail or a mental hospital.
    8. The law favours women and mothers.
    9. I nearly died as a result of hearsay when run over.
   10. p.w had the original thought that culminated in me nearly dying.
   11. She week in and week out is playing with my son and teaching him mad habits like counting
       stairs. If he is anything like me with that kind of advice he will become a mad counter who
       counts objects arbitrarily and out of habit - she is a fat propellorhead nutter.
   12. She relies on the fact that nobody witnesses her comments and her subtle wicked treatment.
   13. She/they try to communicate a message that they are calmly and conifdently leading me into
       a trap between me trying to see him and them frustrating it with a view of angering me
       and emotionally harming me so that I reach a state of despair and lash out.
   14. I don't have the money to fight this fairly with a barrister or such.
   15. I have studied the law on and off for a few years and it seems arbitrary and the odds are
       against me before the start.
   16. But I love my son and those evil thieves will not prosper in the sight of God.
   17. Sometimes when legislation is wrong then justice will demand her sons rebalance and provide
       a remedy that the courts have failed so frequently to provide.

Monday 13th November 2017
pw insisted I get a phone for £10 and keep it only for her, I disagreed saying she or ro has no right to put further obligation upon me and I am to see him whether i jump through their hoops or not as a matter of human rights. I wrote this entry on the 14th nov.

Tuesday 14th November 2017
Phoned p.w. at 12:38pm she said she would take him to the library at 3pm.
I got there upto 20mins later as walked from the house.

He seemed not much intersted in the ukelele I bought him but he liked the plastic windmill
with the wooden handle.

She made more wicked comments it felt unbearable and I had to leave the room as it seems
he does not know me and is not interested when I am there.
I read him a book and explained the items drawn on the pages.
He laughed loudly twice when i was pushing his pram until st peters church where p.w.
carried on their journey allegedly to her home.
I thought to give him a pound coin when I was saying good bye but thought it was not a good idea.
Then p.w. butted in saying she didn't think it was appropriate - like it matters a jot what she thinks.
before that statement she made, the others i hinted at earlier were would I sing him a song on the ukelele!!! bearing in mind my personal sadness that she has deliberately engineered to put me off of seeing him; There was no way i felt like singing and she absolutely knew it too so said it to cause more hurt and provocation.

Prior to that she would not get out of the way and let me try to play with him constantly butting in.

It is obvious the boy has a completely separate life to me and I am a periphery though he said to someone on the phone called polly who p.w had agreed to help by going to feed her cat that "daddy here".

But it felt like daddy was just a name he has and it may as well have been john joe or paul such was his hearts distance from me and his disinterest.

P.w. has made things a misery and stolen and brought up my boy for 2 years and now he does not know me and for what good reason? she has no child of her own? she would not breed with a man out of hatred for them but wants instead to steal first ro and then our son?

She knows full well I am a good man but she is not interested in that scenario or outcome as it threatens her interests and power and threatens her with loneliness and not being remembered.

She needs me to be in prison or detained controlled under the mental health act.

She is doing everything she can under license of being a "doctor" to provoke and stab me in the very
heart with her mouth and actions knowing full well the effects on my health yet she is hellbent and militant and I am scared because she is very smart and knows how to frame me in a bad light with her cunning words and cunnning plan.

She deliberatley tells lies straight in my face, she acts like Hitler described when he spoke of jewish people when describing the style of argument they used like politicians and completely unconvertable as she is so hard hearted and militant. She is going right for my very throat and I am scared.
She has behaved in such an awful sneaky and evil way knowing I have had a weakness in self control regarding the treatment of my son and I and she constantly assaults me rubbing salt in the wound like she is a maggot that has been found eating my wound.
She said in two weeks time.


Summary of her evil that springs to mind in no particular order: -

1. nearly had me dead after calling mh for no good reason after ro acted the whore with strange new men and my kid in her belly. why must i be sectioned for going mad because I loved someone who turned out to be the most lazy narcisitic unloyal controlling piece of vermin whore?
2. Made me sad then asked me to make a cd of songs as a prerequisite to seeing the boy.
3. Said I am going to prison for a long time.
4. acted the hypocrite telling Parkes ro was 18 and SS she was 16 in the year 2010.
5. acted the hypocrite to separate a loving father from his son.
6. acted the hypocrite for her own sadistic feminist pagan man hating mind.
7. She thinks it is funny.
8. She uses her persona as an 'old lady' to mask her sneaky psychological attacks, but she can't trick other people in her field who will fully well know what she is capable of and is upto - a rogue doctor she is using her persuasion and trickery skills to wreak havoc all of it upon me personally and boy by extension.
9. said she was getting me benefits to help me but has clearly profited out of the situation by stealing him after weakening my position with a view to stealing him.
10. calling me a paedophile to sussex police in effect with a false statement.
11. the same to the dwp when she wrote to them for me. she wrote "I cant concent rate" on the form.

How many more times must she be allowed to be evil?
How many more times shall she be permitted to laugh at our pain?

Saturday 18th November
The best day I have had in years. No Doubt.
But p.w. had another show stopper emanate from 'the tongue'.
She constantly interrupted myself and my son playing, as if trying to show
him that daddy likes and accepts her prescence in our lives that she stole
after nearly having me murdered. And she thinks her snake charmer ways
will win me over in one day? She thinks he won't grow up to realise she
has kept him from his daddy for two years without cause?
so she kept butting in with her usual shitty unwanted 'parental' suggestions
not for a second realising she has had no invite from me or him.
She has hypnotized Ro from 7 and today admitted she became a lesbian
after her aunty janet showed her love and was the only one from a largely
depressive type of family.
I did feel for her but she expressed a desire to rid the world of testosterone,
stating all the worlds problems are from that.
That explains why she wants to inject me and other men.
I phoned my mum from the library so she could say hello to him for the first time and p.w.
strongly objected, taking him away from the phone and nearly leaving!
She stopped his grandmother from talking to him!X@Z!!XX@@W!
She said Ro had gone to London for hugs from Amma.
Nonetheless it was the best time I have had for years and my beautiful son
and I had lots of fun.
I was outraged and disgusted when p.w. and I took him to the toilet
to change his nappy and she commented to him about the size of his penis
and how big it was which was unforgivable and an outrage, I told her not to make any comment of any kind about such a thing. Bearing in mind I have strong reason to believe she pinched him when he was on the phone to me before and he did not realise it was her and so he was not afraid of her.
She must have done it from behind and he thought his coat was caught up on something or similar.
She knew it would not hurt him permanently and may very well have caused me enough shock to become
mentally ill and get me locked up and out of the way and she is so cunning and determined and man hating and lesbian that I would put nothing past her capacity or ingenuity.
p.w. is very very sick, but she needs to be handled with love I think she just wants to belong and experience more time acting as a mother as she had none of her own nor any family so she has stolen mine. Keep calm and pray....

Saturday 25th November
Keerti gave me back the tenner he owed me and then acted strange playing irritating music
on his smartphone whilst pointing it close to my face as if he was making an excuse to film me
covertly. He then went up to his room, maybe to post on facebook. I dont trust him in the slightest.

Sunday 26th November
Phone P.W. to see if she was around for a cup of tea. She said she had gotten a cold from my son
and would not be available as she "wanted to give it to me" which was odd and confusing.
towards the end of the call she began speaking very quietly and clearly not understandable to the
point where we both knew it and then I realised she was up to her tricks again trying to annoy
me by deliberately messing around on an important issue, once again she pestered me to give her
a phone number so she can phone me when she has him but the fact is i am entitled to be give a
fixed meeting time and so much more from these evil pigs. Who gave my son a cold? Ro or p.w?
Ro had been hugging ama and free love in london when I saw my son so who has she been around that
has a weak immune system and is dirty?


Tuesday 28th November 2017
I finally got through to my mum and she told me when she was 6 months pregnant with me, she
was dragged into a car by two scottish men, raped and stabbed in the rear then dumped.

The best summary so far of p.w.: -

SHE IS SYTEMATICALLY ABUSING ME WITH THE INTENT ON INDUCING MENTALL ILLNESS IN THE FORM OF
SEVERE DEPRESSION FOLLOWED BY AN IRRATIONAL AND OR VIOLENT ACT IN ORDER TO REMOVE TESTOSTERONE
FROM MY BODY THAT THROUGH YEARS OF CHASTITY GOD HAS GIVEN ME POWER BUT SHE HATES MAN BY DESIGN
AND WANTS TO SEE HIM WEAK LIKE A WOMAN.

SHE BRINGS ME TO THE DEPTHS OF DESPAIR AND THEN FROM THE FIRE INTO THE ICE SHE BRINGS MY SON
TO ME AND I PLAY WITH HIM NOT SHOWING THE HATRED I HAVE FOR HER THEN SHE COMES AND BUTTS IN
ON OUR PLAY, EXPLOITING MY MOMENT OF HAPPINESS TO CONDITION ME TO THINK SHE IS THE SOURCE OF THAT
HAPPINESS AND CONDITIONING HIM TO THINK I APPROVE OF AND LIKE HER WHEN SHE MADE A PHONE CALL
THAT NEARLY RESULTED IN MY DEATH AND SHE HAS PERSISTENTLY MADE VARIOUS ATTEMPTS TO HARM ME
BY ACCUSING ME OF EVIL TO THE POLICE, MENTAL HEALTH AND DWP, WHILST MAKING MY SON THINK HE HAS TWO MUMS BUT ONE ACTS LIKE A MAN AND PROVES IT BY ATTACKING REAL MEN?

SHE WAS RAPED AS A CHILD AND SO BECAME ATTRACTED TO WOMEN DUE TO THE KINDNESS SHOWN BY HER AUNT.
SHE SAID SHE WANTED SOMEONE TO LOVE HER FOR WHO SHE IS AND HINTED THAT MY SON IS THAT SOMEONE.
EVERY SECOND HE IS GROWING APART FROM ME AND ALTHOUGH PHYSICALLY PROTECTED MOSTLY HE IS CLEARLY IN
A KIDNAP SITUATION AND HAS BEEN STOLEN FOR A WICKED PURPOSE OF FORCED ADOPTION AND THEFT OF A HUMAN BEING FROM HIS RIGHTFUL PLACE, WITH HIS FATHER.

Friday 1st December
Phoned p.w. a minimum of 15 times at hourly half hourly mix each time either cancelled within a
ring or two by her or left to timeout to answerphone, not once showing the courtesy to answer.
Leaving me not knowing when I will see my son next and once again the fortnightly thursday pattern
broken. She said she may not have him tomorrow!!! and she wants to pick the library for some reason.
Why always places with cameras? why the centre of town like a public parade?
Why so cruel to not acknowledge my right as his father and his as my son firstly to be with his dad
at even a two weekly frequency? I am feeling the usual heartache very deep very calculated very much
designed with psychological harm to me in mind, she always tells outright lies systemtically and
deliberately knowing I am allergic to lies.

Saturday 2nd December 10:15am - 10:18:24am
Phoned p.w. to find out if she could confirm if she intended to bring my son to the library
with her at 1pm today. I needed adequate time to prepare, wash clothes, shave etc.
She said she could not confirm as Ro was deciding to take him to a "winter fair" at a childrens school and I did not need to be "perfect".
She said she was having a tea or coffee with her friend Jackie in a cafe and was waiting to find out.
She said he probably would be there and to just make my way. She filibustered all of this and
as usual i felt the summary "goodbye" or similar phrase, totally controlling the conversation
having previously systematically caused frustration by ignoring 20 phone calls and not
acknowledging the fact that she is witness and party to this inhumane treatment of a loving father.
When I mentioned filibustering and contrived and calculated she hung up the phone and switched it off as usual, always frustrating my noble effort, never offering meet rememdy.

The conclusion of frustration as a result of provocation without remedy is insanity.
She's trying to make me feel tolerant to lies and contrived behaviour - the antithesis of Christian thought; The feminist lesbian that she is.


Saturday 2nd December
I Phoned her again and she switched the time to 3.30pm at the library. I explained she had
suggested toys r us before and she agreed to bring him in a taxi that I agreed to pay, though
she did butt in and offer to pay herself. I should have accepted the offer as neither he nor I needed
a taxi it was only a ransom to transport the lard she irrationally carries in fear of a famine!
We arranged for toys r us at 4pm. I once again smelt a rat and phone her to ask to meet me en route
at seven dials roundabout. I heard her say to the taxi driver "can we stop to pick up his daddy"
. She had me on loudspeaker in the previous call with her friend present to witness the call.
She said she would stop the taxi outside the coop seven dials roundabout.

When i got there, I saw a police car parked outside coop at the right hand side when facing shop.
I did not see the taxi so walked around the block full circle and saw them on the old shoreham road side opposite the co op side of the roundabout.

I got in the taxi and she made another weird jumbled and fast statement about coming and going that made no sense and seemed to follow the same confusing logic as when she a few days earlier said
she had a cold and she wanted to stay in so i would get it, rather than stay in so i WOULDN'T get it.

The taxi driver had a white christian cross hanging from the windscreen and he was wearing black leather and maybe was from Syria as he had that sort of complexion but I have not recalled his features facially.

She seems remarkably mentally agile and a very clear communicator and it's most out of character for her to make these type of verbal 'errors' I would say had I not known her immense capacity for almost systematic pathological lying all in the name of medical science and 'steal yourself a family'!.

Previously she has spoken of ill health yet I know she walked up southover street and to brighton general up elm grove because I saw her on both occasions.

I told her to shut up or similar and ignored her babble.
We got to the toy shop and she kept butting in as usual trying to trick him into thinking I like her.
He and I had a wonderful time nonetheless, though he did not like the motor humming on the childrens coin operated van ride that had a screen with questions at the back. So he got out of the van.
But not before another boy made him cry somehow; maybe because he was taking the driving seat,
or maybe because he was taking the driving seat!

P.W initially refused to let me buy him a toy saying we were only going to look - another dissappointment as you ought not to wind the boy up needlessly without a way of explaining simply and kindly.

She had created the expectation in me at least if not him that when we went there, it would be to buy a toy - yet she changed her mind subtly again and she DOES NOT have alzheimers - she is a wicked witch psychologist playing a game to discredit and manipulate the crown into assisting her in the permanent kidnap of my son and the subsequent feminist homosexual education he will be assaulted with.

He already seems to have an idea that he is weak and seems quite ready to cry at slight impact or upset, something i don't see often in boys surrounded by male role models.

This may lead to people thinking he is an easy target, which is not suitable particularly for boy
as their world tends to be more aggresive and weak male behaviour tends to be disliked as a trait.

So he needs to know he is robust strong and can defend himself if needed in due course.

Bear Grylls was attacked in the press for leaving his six year old stranded on an island to fend for himself. But I can't see his kid getting bullied or sodomised or becoming unruly or feral through
lack of discipline and male reference to base himself upon when deciding his personality.

He may end up with a higher pitched voice than his natural tone if he does not hear enough of men.

He may become tyrannical if there is no father to discipline him and he will find it strange being
humbled by a woman or a man who is not his father.

He must be kept in good discipline but not without a sense of his own personal sovereignty remaining intact.

His jumper had several holes in the right sleeve at least. He was smelling of urine.
He had no wipes so we had to use the horrible chemically abrasive type as opposed to the milder
organic material.

Strange how his mother always seemed to have them for herself though in days gone by.

We got the 5 or 5a to st peters from sackville road. Just as we were about to part ways, she said she had left her phone in the taxi. I thought she was being contrived again as if to teach me a lesson
for not having a phone number to give her, when she has proven she cannot be trusted to have any phone number of mine.

The fact is she laboured the point so much in the past fortnight regarding the blessings of owning
a phone she could call me on, and what with her track record, I am sorry to say once again - I smelt a rat.

Now she has taken the extraordinary step of faking a phone loss in order to 'prove' she was 'right'
to demand I get a phone as now there is the possibility of no contact with her or my son until she can recover her old phone or we get contact another way.


Mon 4th Dec 4am

I was just thinking that p.w. has prevented me from explaining important issues by
using techniques like avoidance, minimization, ad hominem, filibustering and direct threat.

Until now this behaviour has caused me to lose track of what I had in mind for much time to say.

Another of her systematic ways to harm me by inducing frustation and mental illness.

Frustrating and threatening contact with my greatest Love.
Poaching his mind to fill it with lesbian feminist testosterone nuking rhetoric.

